This app provides the user with a chance to get famililiar with the housing market in Ames Iowa. In the first module of the app, The user will see two commponents. The first the user can select a price range for houses they are interested and the neighborhoods they would like to view. The user can select multiple neighborhoods. After doing so, a table that summarizes basic descriptive statistics mathcing the price range and neighborhoods will appear. The table summarizes mean, std, ect for continous variables, and shows the a small histogram as well as frequency reading for the categorical variable. The second component to this tab is the component that allows the user to directly interact with the data. You can filter on top of rows to look at entries directly. Numeric column have sliders and you are able to type in the variables you are looking for in categorical columns. 

The second module allows for users to make various plots. The first plot plots continous variables against each other and allows the user to add in neighborhood as a third variable. becuase of the size of these variables, this graph is on a log10 scale. The next graph will show boxplots allowing the user to compare categorical variables on the x to continous variables on the y. This graph allows the user to control the limits of the graph with the sliding scale again due to the size of continous variables. The Third allows users to take a look at a few histograms with variables selectors on the x axis and adjust the size of the bins with the slider. In the next plot users will create bar charts looking at how categerical values are spread accrross different neighborhoods. Users can select categorical values on the x axis and then choose neighborhoods to add with color in the selector. Lastly the final one allows users to see how two categorical values might occur with each other. giving a chance for users to choose categorical values on the x and y axis and then look at the count of when each level intersects. 

Lastly the third tab allows users to use both predict the house prices as well as the chance that a house is in good condition or is a fixer upper at the click of a button with a predetermined model. 

